okay I want to be careful now that I
don't define foliage where it shouldn't
be so I'll use the edge of this brush to
just kind of pick up the this would be
the light value in this in this foliage
will come back and shape it a little
more with some some darker what they
would dip into the yellow ochre just a
little bit there they had a little
yellow to it one of the things you need
to do is keep a little bit of variety as
you as you move across your painting you
don't want it to be consistently the
same color okay that's that's defining
the shapes a bit and and that's really
all I wanted to do at this point because
those will be shaped later on I'm going
to let that dry for a few minutes
now that that's drying a little bit and
and I don't need that green right now
I've cleaned the pallet off a little bit
to give me some more mixing room so what
I want to do now is to mix some of this
burnt sienna and altering blue and
define some of the rock formations from
the drawing you can't tell but some of
these are rocks and some are plants so I
will do that with with the burnt sienna
and the ultramarine blue by mixing that
in and one of the one of the principles
in terms in color mixing here is that
you don't over mix on the pallet for
instance I will have quite a bit of blue
on one side of a mix and I'll have some
of the burnt sin on the other and just
kind of dip out of those randomly and
let it mix on the paper and it will give
a little more interesting variety of
color and definition that's a that's
awfully gray so what I can do is come
back and I can mix a little little red
with it
more blue if I need to in order to
define these ROC shapes what I want to
see is not see that get too too boring
there and the way to avoid that is to
mix variety now those colors will still
get blend together as this dries so you
will not notice the distinction of
colors quite as much
it'll be subtle enough but definite
enough that it that it gives you a
variety and it's not boring to the eye
okay let's take the masking medium off
of the off of the building and see what
we have now there's two mistakes you can
make with this if you're not careful if
you don't make sure the paper is dry
before you take that masking medium off
it can peel off the surface of the paper
that's that's kind of bad news the other
mistake you can make is if you're if
you're using a hairdryer or something to
drive this don't apply heat to this
stuff because it gets tacky if it gets
hot so we would take take that off now
you can just roll that with your finger
and then pull it off or if you need an
eraser for that if you just save this
stuff and roll it up into a little ball
it makes a great eraser to remove
masking medium so there's no need to buy
an eraser for that but with that off now
you can see that we have some fairly
accurate hard edges on the building
itself
you